# 考试例题

## 一、单项选择题

:::note
共 10 小题；每小题 1 分，满分 10 分。

请从 A.B.C.D 四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项，并将答案写在答题卡上。
:::

01. The person playing the piano this time is ____ exchange student from France.

    - A. a
    - B. an
    - C. the
    - D. /

02. lt’s usually not easy for people who are shy to ____ the fear to talk to strangers.

    - A. get over
    - B. get through
    - C. get on
    - D. get out

03. The paper ____ used to be very popular, but now it is out of date.

    - A. tower
    - B. town
    - C. towel
    - D. tour

04. The famous writer, ____ submit writings for China Daily is invited to give a speech in our university.

    - A. that
    - B. whose
    - C. whom
    - D. who

05. By the time you arrive there this afternoon, the game ____ .

    - A. is to start
    - B. is starting
    - C. will start
    - D. will have started

06. When you phoned me last night, I ____ with my friend on what's the plan for vacation.

    - A. argued
    - B. was arguing
    - C. has argued
    - D. argue

07. ____ John ____ Jack may go with you because one of them must stay at home.

    - A. Either; or
    - B. Neither; nor
    - C. Both; and
    - D. Neither; or

08. I strongly object ____ the proposals they had put forward at the meeting.

    - A. for
    - B. to
    - C. by
    - D. with


09. I don't know ____ will make the final decision for our summer trip.

    - A. who
    - B. which
    - C. whom
    - D. what

10. I am so worried about my brother. I am not sure ____ he has arrived.

    - A. which
    - B. what
    - C. whether
    - D. who

## 二、阅读理解

:::note
共 15 小题；每小题 2 分，满分 30 分。
:::

### A

The Wellspring Cafe Menu<br />
(v)=vegetarian(素食者)<br />
Lunch is served from 11:30a.m. to 2:00p.m.<br />
Dinner is served from 6:30p.m. to 9:00p.m.<br />

Salads<br />
Seafood salad £ 4.49<br />
Egg salad(v) £ 3.99<br />
Garden salad(v) £ 4.25<br />
Fruit cake £ 2.29<br />

Desserts<br />
Ice-cream £ 1.99<br />
(chocolate, strawberry)<br />
Banana cake £ 2.39<br />

Main dishes<br />
Cheese burger £ 4.39<br />
Chicken with rice £ 3.9<br />
(lunch only)<br />
Tomato noddles(v) £ 4.19<br />
Spaghetti £ 4.19<br />
Chicken pizza £ 4.55<br />
Seafood pizza £ 4.75<br />
Fruit pizza(v) £ 4.50<br />

Drinks<br />
Orange juice £ 0.99<br />
Apple juice £ 0.99<br />
Tea £ 0.59<br />
Coffee £ 0.69<br />
Water £ 0.49<br />

Fruits<br />
Apple £ 0.59<br />
Orange £ 0.59<br />
Banana £ 0.69<br />
Pear £ 0.69<br />
Mixed fruits £ 1.29<br />

01. Dinner is served ____ in the wellspring cafe.

    - A. From 6:00p.m. to 9:00p.m.
    - B. From 11:30a.m. to 2:00p.m.
    - C. From 6:30p.m. to 9:00p.m.
    - D. From 2:00p.m. to 9:00p.m.

02. What is the most expensive food in the menu? (____)

    - A. Cheese burger
    - B. Seafood salad
    - C. Seafood pizza
    - D. Fruit pizza

03. lf you are a vegetarian, what can you order? (____)

    - A. Egg salad and chicken pizza
    - B. Seafood salad and chicken with rice
    - C. Garden salad and spaghetti
    - D. Garden salad and tomato noodles

04. What is the price of mixed fruits? (____)

    - A. £ 2.99
    - B. £ 1.99
    - C. £ 1.29
    - D. £ 0.69

05. lf you have £ 0.5, what drink can you buy? (____)

    - A. Tea
    - B. Water
    - C. Juice
    - D. Coffee

### B

If someone asks me, "Do you like music?" I am sure I will answer him or her. "Of course, I do."<br />
Because I think music is an important part of our lives.<br />
Different people have different ideas about music. For me, I like rock music because it's so exciting.<br />
And my favourite rock band, the "Eagles" is one of the most famous rock bands in the world.
I also like pop music. My classmate Li Lan loves dance music, because she enjoys dancing.<br />
My best friend, Jane, likes jazz music. She thinks jazz is really cool.
"I like dance music and rock very much," says my brother, "because they are amazing."<br />
But my mother thinks rock is boring. "I like some relaxing music." she says, that is why she likes country music, I think.

06. The "Eagles" is the name of ____

    - A. a song
    - B. a country
    - C. a school
    - D. a band

07. What kind of music does the writer like? (____)

    - A. Rock and pop music
    - B. Rock and dance music.
    - C. Jazz and pop music.
    - D. Jazz and country music.

08. According to the text, Who likes dancing? (____)

    - A. The writer.
    - B. Li Lan.
    - C. Jane.
    - D. The writer's mother.

09. The writer's mother thinks that country music is ____ .

    - A. amazing
    - B. boring
    - C. relaxing
    - D. cool

10. How many people's ideas about music are talked about in this passage? (____)

    - A. 4.
    - B. 5.
    - C. 6.
    - D. 7.

### C

I have a neighbor. She looks young and beautiful, although she is over 70.
She can do all the housework, read newspapers and learn something new on the Internet.
I often see her do tai chi(太极) in the morning and dance in the evening.<br />
Last week a reporter from a magazine asked her how she kept so young and healthy.
She replied, "have a secret for staying young and healthy. It is quite simple.
Keep your mind active，be interested in the world around you and learn at least one new thing every day, don’t think you are too old to learn.
I know a man called Jack who started to study medicine in a college when he was 70 years old.
He studied there for 6 years and now he works in a hospital.
Another man called Barry began writing at the age of 71. and now he is a good writer.
Some people may think keeping learning is easy only for young people.<br />
In fact, everyone can make it.” It would be a good start to follow the old lady's example.
I hope all the people will stay young and healthy.

11. The writer’s neighbor, who is over 70, looks ____ .

    - A. Old but beautiful
    - B. Young but ugly
    - C. Old and ugly
    - D. Young and healthy

12. When did Jack begin doing study medicine in college? (____)

    - A. At the age of 66
    - B. At the age of 70
    - C. At the age of 76
    - D. At the age of 80

13. What did Barry begin doing at the age of 71? (____)

    - A. Writing
    - B. Dancing
    - C. Singing
    - D. Surfing

14. The text gives us some advice on ____ .

    - A. How to be beautiful
    - B. How to be a writer
    - C. How to stay young and healthy
    - D. How to be a doctor

15. What’s the main idea of the text? (____)

    - A. Live and learn
    - B. Like father like son
    - C. Easy come easy go
    - D. No news is good news

## 三、选词填空

:::note
共 10 小题；每小题1 分，满分10 分。

根据短文内容，从方框中的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有五项为多余选项。
:::

- A) set
- B) fat 
- C) problems 
- D) dried 
- E) restaurants 
- F) hotels
- G) workers 
- H) low 
- I) important 
- J) difficult 
- K) larger
- L) easy 
- M) big 
- N) businessmen 
- O) thin

While small may be beautiful, **1.being ____** is just uncomfortable as it seems,
particularly when it comes to staying in hotels and eating in **2. ____** .<br />
The Tall Persons Club (TPC) was **3. ____** up six months ago to campaign for the needs of the tall,
has turned its attention to **4. ____** and restaurants.
Beds that are too small, shower heads that are too **5. ____** , and restaurant tables with hardly any leg-room,
which are **6. ____** for those of above average height, it says.<br />
"The bedding industry says a bed should be six inches **7. ____** than the person using it,
so even a king-size bed at 6'6'' is falling short for 25% of men.<br />
Similarly, restaurant tables can cause many **8. ____** .
Small tables, which mean the long-legged have to sit a foot or so away from them, are enough to make tall customers go elsewhere.
As **9. ____** , it is **10. ____** to address this kind of issue to keep more customers.

## 四、段落翻译（30 分）

### 1. 英译汉（15 分）

Bullying（欺凌）can happen to anyone.
A great many children around the world are bullied every year.
But there are still lots of things we can do to help them.

### 2.汉译英（15 分）

格林先生是一个伟大的作家。
他对儿童的生活很感兴趣。
他写了很多关于儿童的故事来帮助家长更好地了解他们的孩子。

## 五、书面表达（20 分）

假如你是李华，你在的学校将开展一次关于传统文化的展览，请你写一封信邀请你的朋友 Tom 来参观。
内容要点如下：

1. 描述展览的内容；
2. 邀请的原因。

注意：

1. 词数100 左右；
2. 注意信件格式；

## 答案

### 一、单项选择题（共10 小题；每小题1 分，满分10 分）

- 1-5 BACDD
- 6-10 BABAC

### 二、阅读理解（共15 小题；每小题2 分，满分30 分）

-  1- 5 CCDCB
-  6-10 DABCB
- 11-15 DBACA

### 三、选词填空（共10 小题；每小题1 分，满分10 分

- 1-5 MEAFH
- 6-10 JKCNI

### 四、段落翻译（30 分）

1. 欺凌可能发生在任何人身上。每年都有大量儿童遭受霸凌。但仍然有很多我们能做的事情来帮助他们。
2. Mr.Green is a great writer.
   He is very interested in children’s life(life of children 也可以).
   He wrote lots of storiesabout/of children to help parents understand/know their kids better.
